Last night, i took the bus 396 to go home from the cinema, it was dark.
Hi, my name is Pierre and i love eating apples.
Here is my email address: jean.pierre@gmail.com Please don't spam me, I hate it.
This artist is my favorite artist, i discovered him during a concert in Las Vegas. His album "Vanilla" is a masterpiece.
Whoa!!! Where are you going like that ? I almost fell.
The PS3 was the best-selling console during the period 2005-2013, with the Xbox 360 slightly behind.
What you're telling me is completely nonsensical, you've clearly been taken for a ride, any more and you'd have been on your last legs.
The lifeguard said you shouldn't run, you only do what you want !
What time is it where you live ? Mine is 11:37.
What the hell is this ?
I have RGB lights behind my keyboard. But what I like the most is my 32GB of RAM and my RTX 3070 graphics card.
The meeting just ended, you arrived too late.
This map leads nowhere!! Okay, well, uh... Let's start from the beginning, we'll get there 😃!
It's the pot calling the kettle black !
My back hurts, I need to make an appointment with my physiotherapist.
I wonder if they thought to bring their umbrella, the weather forecast said it would rain this morning.
I was born on December 29, 2000.
Great, yum! And where can we find this cake recipe?
During my internship, I was able to discover new approaches to tackling a problem.
Nietzsche is probably right in his worldview, but I find it too pessimistic to admit it. I prefer Stoic philosophy.
Tell me, what do you think about all this ?
I really need to think about canceling my subscription, it's starting to add up !! Ouch !
I would love to go backpacking and travel the world.
The grass is really nicer at the neighbor's.
The deadline was 07/24/2025, what did you do during all this time ?
We went shopping today, it was hot so we stopped for an ice cream.
The cat is sleeping on the couch. 
And suddenly he cried out, "I’m hungry!".
I saw 6 shooting stars in the sky last night.
He spent $50 on a sandwich.
Have you seen the latest animated film released in cinema? 
It’s 23°C today.
There is - 30% discount on this t-shirt, it’s worth it! 
Oh there! You broke everything again??!
Meet me outside the station at noon. 
Be rolled in flour. 
Having your head in the clouds. 
Every day Marie goes to pick flowers in her garden. 
He threw in the towel.
He’s too nasty to give me lessons! 
I loved the restaurant yesterday, it was incredible! 
Damn, I forgot I had a date tonight...
Damn, I forgot my keys again! 
After a long day at work, I like to read to relax.
She flashed in the room without ever standing still. 
My phone is broken...I need to buy a new one. 
I prepare my weekly meals in advance to save time. 
You killed me with your joke!
When the cat is not there, the mice dance. 
What do you want to do tonight? 