Hi, my name is Pierre and i love eating apples.
Last night, i took the bus 396 to go home from the cinema, it was dark.
This artist is my favorite artist, i discovered him during a concert in Las Vegas. His album "Vanilla" is a masterpiece.
Here is my email address: jean.pierre@gmail.com Please don't spam me, I hate it.
The PS3 was the best-selling console during the period 2005-2013, with the Xbox 360 slightly behind.
Whoa!!! Where are you going like that ? I almost fell.
The lifeguard said you shouldn't run, you only do what you want !
What you're telling me is completely nonsensical, you've clearly been taken for a ride, any more and you'd have been on your last legs.
What the hell is this ?
What time is it where you live ? Mine is 11:37.
The meeting just ended, you arrived too late.
I have RGB lights behind my keyboard. But what I like the most is my 32GB of RAM and my RTX 3070 graphics card.
It's the pot calling the kettle black !
This map leads nowhere!! Okay, well, uh... Let's start from the beginning, we'll get there 😃!
I wonder if they thought to bring their umbrella, the weather forecast said it would rain this morning.
My back hurts, I need to make an appointment with my physiotherapist.
Great, yum! And where can we find this cake recipe?
I was born on December 29, 2000.
Nietzsche is probably right in his worldview, but I find it too pessimistic to admit it. I prefer Stoic philosophy.
During my internship, I was able to discover new approaches to tackling a problem.
I really need to think about canceling my subscription, it's starting to add up !! Ouch !
Tell me, what do you think about all this ?
The grass is really nicer at the neighbor's.
I would love to go backpacking and travel the world.
The deadline was 07/24/2025, what did you do during all this time ?
The cat is sleeping on the couch. 
We went shopping today, it was hot so we stopped for an ice cream.
I saw 6 shooting stars in the sky last night.
And suddenly he cried out, "I’m hungry!".
Have you seen the latest animated film released in cinema? 
He spent $50 on a sandwich.
There is - 30% discount on this t-shirt, it’s worth it! 
It’s 23°C today.
Meet me outside the station at noon. 
Oh there! You broke everything again??!
Having your head in the clouds. 
Be rolled in flour. 
He threw in the towel.
Every day Marie goes to pick flowers in her garden. 
I loved the restaurant yesterday, it was incredible! 
He’s too nasty to give me lessons! 
Damn, I forgot my keys again! 
Damn, I forgot I had a date tonight...
She flashed in the room without ever standing still. 
After a long day at work, I like to read to relax.
I prepare my weekly meals in advance to save time. 
My phone is broken...I need to buy a new one. 
When the cat is not there, the mice dance. 
You killed me with your joke!
What do you want to do tonight? 